Steps to create S3 Bucket, RDS Instance, Security Groups and Connections, and Accessing EC2 Instance.

1. Create an S3 Bucket to Act as a Raw Data Lake
    1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.
    2. Navigate to S3 and click Create bucket.
    3. Provide a unique bucket name and select the AWS region.
    4. Configure settings such as versioning, encryption (optional), and access permissions.
    5. Click Create bucket.

2. Configure Security Groups and Connectivity
    1. Search VPC in search box in the AWS Management Console.
    2. Go to Security Groups and click create security group.
    3. Enter Security group name, Add description, select VPC where you want to create this security group.
    4. In Inboud Rule: Click add rul and select:
            Type: MSSQL,
            source: Anywhere
    5. Click create security group.
    Note: We use this security group to create RDS.

3. Provision an AWS RDS Instance (PostgreSQL or MySQL)
    1. Search RDS in search box in the AWS Management Console.
    2. Click Create database 
    3. Choose a database creation method as Full configuration.
    4. select MSSQL engine.
    5. Choose Free tier in Template.
    6. In settings set DB instance identifier name, master username(mostly 'admin'), and password.
    7. Configure instance type (db.t3.micro is free), storage(upto 20GB free), and availability settings.
    8. In connectivity select a VPC in which you want create this RDS, then select subnet and security group for 
        this RDS and allow public access.
    9. In Additional configuration Backup section set Backup retention period to 1.
    10. Click Create database.
    
4. Validate access from local system or EC2
    We can validate it in local machine as well as EC2 instance.
    Local Machine: 
    1. Open any Database client such as For MSSQL we have SSMS(in windows) and Azure DataStudio(in mac).
    2. Click on New Connection -> now enter server endpoint from RDS, username, password.
    3. Click on connect and wait for connection to be established.
    4. Once connected execute any query if it is executing properly the connection is correct.